To launch Lin Defang
Li Xiaolin Li Li Li Li Li Xiaolin
Li Xiaolin
What about Li Xiaolin? Li Xiaolin
How dare you come back?
Last time I ran a dish, I didn't see Lao Qiang and didn't clean you up.
Today I must see my walk
Go go go go go
I didn't expect you to dare to come back
What's not to dare?
You shouldn't have come back
And I came back.
Come back and die
It's not certain who died
You have a good talent
But you don't need a smart
Really smart people know I'm still here
Should stay away
Rather than choosing to face
You're right.
I'm not a smart guy.
But I have responsibility and responsibility.
I also have someone I want to protect
To be brave is to die
Do your best.
life and death
Each has a destiny